Junior Software / DevOps Engineer

Jirotech Pty Ltd 
View all jobs

Melbourne VIC
Developers/Programmers (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 7d ago
•
High application volume

How you match
1 skill or credential matches your profile
 Python Programming
Show all⁠
Jirotech is a Solutions Integration company. We are seeking an enthusiastic junior software / devops engineer with a passion for technology to join our Melbourne team.  We offer a challenging environment with a broad range of constantly changing technologies and a platform to build your career.

This role will involve a mix of software and database development, including integrations with existing CI/CD processes and the development of new ones. The successful candidate will mainly deliver project-based work, support key customers, and help manage internal systems. If you have excellent communications skills, are self-motivated and can think independently while also working as part of a team, then this is the job for you.

A degree in computing or relevant experience would be an advantage, but a desire to learn new technologies is a must. Preferably coupled with experience in some of the following areas:

Linux (or other UNIX) installation and management, including working from a shell

Reading and writing scripted languages (such as BASH or Python)

Infrastructure as code, automation and configuration technologies (such as YAML, JSON, Ansible, CloudFormation or Terraform)

Compiling and installing open-source software (understanding of OSS, using GCC/configure/make)

Working knowledge of Relational / NoSQL database

Combining multiple different software products to solve problems

Exposure to concepts such as virtualization, containers, configuration management, source management, and application deployment

Networking fundamentals is also considered a PLUS

The position is an excellent opportunity for a talented junior software / devops engineer or IT graduate to obtain experience with a wide range of technology in mission critical environments. Additionally, you will be encouraged to obtain industry certifications.

 If you think you've got what it takes to succeed in this position, we would love to see your resume.

** No Agencies Please

Employer questions
Your application will include the following questions:
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
How many years' experience do you have as a devops engineer?
Which of the following Linux distributions are you familiar with?
Which of the following programming languages are you experienced in?
Which of the following types of infrastructure project do you have experience with?
Do you have experience with Relational Database Management Systems (RDBMS)?
Which of the following configuration management tools are you experienced with?
Which of the following Microsoft Azure certifications have you completed?