Associate AI Product Manager

SEEK Limited 
4.6
201 reviews
·
View all jobs
Cremorne, Melbourne VIC (Hybrid)
Product Management & Development (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Posted 3h ago

How you match
Matches based on your career history
Software Development

Show all⁠
Company Description
About SEEK

SEEK’s portfolio of diverse businesses make a positive impact on a truly global scale. Our purpose is to help people live more fulfilling and productive working lives and help organisations succeed. We create world-class technology solutions to connect more people to relevant employment, education, small business and volunteer opportunities. We have a culture of high-performance in our workplaces and celebrate the diversity of our employees who contribute to the success of our organisation.

Life at SEEK

SEEK’s purpose is at the centre of everything we do. Our SEEK, which defines the way we work, is all about what makes us unique and a little bit different. Passion, Team, Delivery and Future are our principles that drive innovation and creativity. SEEK strives to support employee wellbeing by providing an amazing experience at work which led us to being named AFR BOSS Top 10 Best Places to Work in Technology (2021-2024). We are proud to work in an environment that's inclusive where everyone's unique ideas, experiences and perspectives are valued.

Our award-winning head office in Cremorne (just a 4 min walk from Richmond station) provides an exceptional space to collaborate with colleagues. The building provides sweeping views of the city, a games area, sit and stand desks at every workstation, modern end-of-trip facilities and Thursday night drinks which gives our people an opportunity to connect in a social setting.

Job Description
The Role

AI Product Managers at SEEK are a specialisation of the Product Manager role – they form the critical connection between SEEK’s strategy and customer ambitions, and the possibilities that can be unlocked by AI and data. AI Product Managers work within cross-functional teams with Data Scientists, Engineers and other specialists, who build AI and data-driven products to solve our most important customer and business problems.

The Pricing and Performance team works at the intersection of SEEK’s commercial ambitions, business strategy and AI capability. In this role, you will support products and services that improve ad performance and help SEEK balance trade-offs between candidate engagement, job placements and revenue.

The role will initially focus on improving how SEEK helps employers get better hiring results from their job ads. This includes working on products and systems that predict ad performance, help employers understand the results they can expect, and support the systems that determine how job ads are ranked and shown across SEEK.

This is an exciting and ambiguous space that requires structured problem solving, strong product judgement and a growing appreciation of how AI, marketplace dynamics and commercial objectives interact.

You will work with the Principal AI Product Manager and will own appropriately scoped product problems, coordinate delivery with the squad, and partner with teams across AIPS and the broader business.
 

The Team

AI Platform Services is a team dedicated to building global AI-driven services to the SEEK Group. Pricing and Performance is one squad within the AI Platform Services team and has approx. 25 Data Scientists and Engineers.
You will report to the Principal Product Manager – Pricing and Performance.

Key Responsibilities

Strategy

Understand strategic priorities that may influence, or be dependent on, ad performance
Work with the team to frame and articulate the squad’s strategic direction, ambition and roadmap
Ensure the team has visibility of strategic priorities (SEEK Group, partners and AIPS)
Work with the partners, AIPS and the squad to set quarterly OKRs
Support the team to frame problems and trade-offs in a structured way that leads to robust decisions
Partners

Work with partners (commercial, product and strategy) and the Principal Product Manager in the team to frame opportunities
Work with current and potential product and AIPS partners to understand  business objectives and identify opportunities for collaboration
Coordinate squad engagement with partner teams to define, build and integrate new products and services
Manage contracts and ongoing engagement with partner teams
Product ownership

Work with the Principal Product Manager and partners to define measures of success for our products and services, track progress and identify opportunities to improve
Work with Principal Product Manager and the Experiments team to coordinate experiments – defining objectives, interpreting results and agreeing implications
Team facilitation

Work with the team to establish good team processes
Act as the Agile ‘product owner’ for the team’s products and services
Identify and manage dependencies on other AIPS squads or partner teams
Coordinate updates to stakeholders 
Qualifications
Essential Qualifications, Skills and Experience

Proven ability to identify, define and work through ambiguous opportunities supported by clear articulation of hypotheses, and connecting these to key questions and a work plan
Logical and data-driven approach to problem solving and decision-making
Ability to understand SEEK’s business objectives and strategy, and translate that to different audiences including technical team members
Willingness and ability to learn about software engineering and AI, and work with engineers and data scientists to design analytical and technical solutions that align with the strategy and business goals
Willingness to be ‘hands on’ with the team – e.g. driving prioritisation, standups; using simple analysis to identify opportunities
Other Qualifications, Skills and Experience

Passionate about achieving great outcomes for customers and for SEEK
Able to form connections with senior and mid-level stakeholders (including strategy, product, commercial excellence and technical team members), backed by strong communication skills
Willingness to engage in constructive challenge and healthy debate
Pragmatic – able to make trade-offs to move forward
Experience in translating conceptual ideas into tangible tasks, and seeing them through to completion
Additional Information
Perks and benefits
At SEEK we offer:

Annual Performance Bonus Plan
Support of flexible working, including a mix of office and work from home days depending on your role.
Paid and unpaid leave benefits including Personal Flexi Days and Volunteer Days, as well as the opportunity to purchase additional leave
The opportunity to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per financial year
Casual dress – every day
 

At SEEK, we are passionate about fostering a culture of inclusion and wellbeing that embraces and values the diversity of our people. We are a purpose driven business that works with heart.

We know teams with diverse ideas, experiences and perspectives are more creative and are critical to ensuring effective delivery and innovating to enable our future success. As such, we welcome applications from people with diverse backgrounds and life experiences, especially as they relate to gender, sexual identity, culture, faith, disability and life stages. If you have the skills, curiosity and an adaptable mindset but don't meet every responsibility or qualification listed in this advertisement, please still get in touch with us.

Should you require any specific support or adjustments throughout the recruitment process and beyond, please advise us and we will be happy to assist.

For this role, only those candidates with the eligible right to work will be considered.

At SEEK, we may use AI tools to support parts of the hiring process, including reviewing applications or assessing responses. These tools are designed to assist our hiring teams, not replace human judgment. All hiring decisions are made by people. If you’d like more information about how your information is managed during recruitment, please contact the Talent Acquisition Team.

SEEK kindly requests no unsolicited resumes or approaches from recruitment agencies and will not be responsible for any associated fees.