

Strong applicant
AI Adoption Specialist

REPURPOSE IT P/L 
View all jobs
Essendon Fields, Melbourne VIC
Other (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Profile salary match

Posted 8d ago
•
Medium application volume

About Repurpose It

Repurpose It is a recognised leader in the circular economy, giving new life to materials that would otherwise go to waste. We recover resources from construction and demolition, excavation, infrastructure projects, and local council organics, transforming them into valuable products that support sustainable growth.

By investing in advanced technology, we partner with both public and private sectors to reduce greenhouse gases, protect the environment, and create a more sustainable future.

Our values Integrity, Future Focused, Sustainability, and Care & Protect guide everything we do. As part of our team, you’ll join a workplace that is passionate about innovation, the environment, and supporting its people.


About the role

We’re looking for an AI Adoption Specialist to help make AI practical, valuable, and embedded into everyday work across our corporate teams.

Working closely with different business units within Repurpose It such as Finance and P&C, you’ll identify, configure, and implement AI tools that drive real outcomes, improving productivity, reducing errors, and streamlining workflows.

This is a hands-on role where you’ll move teams from curiosity to confident, repeatable use of approved AI solutions.


Key responsibilities:

Embed AI tools into real business workflows
Configure and optimise platforms such as Copilot and Claude
Deliver practical training and build internal AI capability
Identify opportunities to improve efficiency, quality, and risk management
Stay across emerging AI tools and drive continuous improvement

About you:

Degree in Information Systems, Business Analytics, Commerce/Tech, or similar
Experience or a strong recent graduate with hands-on AI tool usage
Comfortable working across teams and translating technical concepts
Curious, practical, and focused on delivering real business impact

How to Apply:

Please include an up-to-date resume as part of your application.

Your details will be stored in our candidate management system, and we may keep your details on file for other roles and opportunities in the future.

If successful in the process, we conduct a pre-employment check which consist of a national police check. As this role includes a fully maintained company vehicle, we also require a full drivers history check.

Repurpose It is committed to providing an inclusive workplace and welcomes all individuals from different backgrounds, gender and ethnicity to apply.

Please let us know if you require any adjustments through this process.

Employer questions
Your application will include the following questions:
Please elaborate your exposure to AI?
Do you have a degree in Information Systems, Business Analytics, Commerce/Tech, or similar? Please comment below.
This is a full-time, on-site position, with occasional travel to operational site. Are you comfortable committing to this arrangement?
What is your salary expectation?
Do you have a valid Australian Drivers Licence?
Do you have full work rights in Australia?
If successful in making it to the final stages of the recruitment process, would you be comfortable to complete a police check and psychometric test in line with our process?